>> Maximiliano Firtman: Destructuring,
this actually is something that you have
probably been using if you're
using a framework or a library,
mostly if you're using React, for
sure you have be using destructuring.
But this is an example that
gets really complicated.
So, what's the idea here?
So I have this object,
data, that I have, okay,
and I wanna extract data from there,
creating variable.
The standard way to do
that is to start using
the dot syntax until we
get into the data we want.
So, for example, for the primarySkill,
that is the first skill that we
have is data.skills sub 0, right?
Well, is there any way to
create these five variables but
just without in just
one expression at once?
For that,
we can use the destructuring operator,
but let's see first
a simple example of that.
So, probably you have seen this before,
it's being used a lot in functions.
For example,
if I have a function that will operate and
receives operands, let's say.
And let's say that it returns,
let's say some operands.a, operands.b,
and then I can call some
with something like this,
a, oops, 5, b10, okay, that's it.
I think we have this example, so,
I'm passing an object,
the object will contain a and b.
So here I received the object, and
then I say operands.a, operands.b,
I think it's pretty straightforward.
Well, instead instead of doing that,
I can destructure this object
directly in the argument section.
For that I will use their calibraces and
say a and
b, and this is going to destructure
that object into two variables,
a and b, taking the a and the b values.
This should work,
I'm not using console.log, you see, but
that works,
that the destructuring operator.
That also works in case I have an array,
so if I have an array,
and I need to destructure the first
two elements of the array,
I use square brackets to
destructure an array.
Then position 0 goes
to the first variable,
position 1 goes to the second variable and
so on, okay?
Probably you have to use this.
So, but also we can make things really,
really complicated,
because we can actually create
the variable and say, well, you know what?
I wanna extract this is an option, okay?
So, first I'm going to use this syntax,
it can be a variable or
a constant or a let, it's up to you.
I'm using now the object syntax,
but before the equals on the left,
if you have it at the right,
you are creating data.
If you're having to the left, you are
creating variables based on a structure.
So I say I want the title,
then I want primarySkill,
but I want primarySkill to
take from a skill.0, okay?
So I will say,
from skills I wanna take the primarySkill,
okay, and I'm going to take 0.
How can you do that?
How can I take skills
sub 0 using this syntax,
using this structuring?
What do you think, does anyone know?
So I mean, if I'm using a skills here,
I'm getting the whole array
not just the first one, right?
I can continue working with this,
and I can say from a skills,
I want the first argument and
I want to call this primary scalar.
So, he's kind of creating a JSON, but
at the left side of the the assignment,
to be honest,
I haven't seen this in a while
in real project a lot, okay?
Typically is just a variable,
not the whole structure, okay?
If you click here, solution, okay,
you will get how it looks like, okay?
This is the final solution,
it's just the same output,
but now I'm not creating variables,
I have a full structure at
the right of the equals.
What I'm creating,
this is creating variables, okay?
I'm creating the title variable,
then I'm creating the primarySkill
variable with the first skill and
I'm creating other skills with
the rest of the skills, okay?
I'm creating then experience and
location variables with
the contents of the details object.
And then I have these separate
variables based on the structure,
I'm destructuring that object with
the raising side into variables.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, so
it can get really complex, okay,
here you have an example of that.
But most of the time,
I think you don't get
too deep in the levels of data you have.
You have an object with arrays and
objects,
you can get deeper and
extract variables in one expression.
This is only one expression, this is one
line, actually, that's the advantage okay?
So, you semantically
extract all the data and
assign the data only the data you want
to your variable in just one expression.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: It's like a map,
okay, and
you are mapping what you want
from the data into Bibles.
>> Student: Someone said that they've
seen a couple of code bases where
the overuse of this makes it
pretty difficult to work with.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Yeah,
the permanent that it
has is that it's difficult to read.
Even if you read this example,
you read that and
it takes some seconds to
understand what's going on.
>> Student: Especially if you have
type annotations in there as well.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Well, if you have
typescript here or type annotations with
other frameworks that you can type
on comments, yeah, it gets wild.
So I think that, I mean,
even if the syntax is there,
I think it's becoming an anti pattern,
something that you shouldn't
be doing because it's actually making
your code worse, not better, okay?
But for something simple is fine for
arguments is being used a lot for
something simple.
I mean, if you take the skills you say,
well, I want the the first few skills.
So I say, well, let's take the firstSkill,
the secondSkill,
or taking from data those skills,
I mean I think it's straightforward.
I mean, if you read that it's
straightforward in creating two constant,
two variables, in this case, the
firstSkill and secondSkills, they're going
to be the skills on position 0, skills
on position 1, that's straightforward.
But when you start doing this,
I mean, it's fine, it works,
but I think it's against clarity,
if you want, okay?